[Rotational cipher]: Approaches (#3324)
exercism/python: exercises/practice/rotational-cipher/.approaches/str-translate/content.md

To create a translation table we use [str.`makestrans`][maketrans].

This approach starts with defining a constant of all the lowercase letters in the alphabet.
Then the function `rotate()` is declared.
A `translator` variable defined with the value of the `AlPHABET` constant [sliced][slicing] from the key to the end and then sliced from the start to the key.

This is done so we have 2 strings which are the same but shifted by the key value.
Say we have the `AlPHABET` constant with the value of `abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz` and the key is 3.
Then the `translator` variable will have the value of `defghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzabc`.

`str.translate` is then called on the `text` argument.
`str.translate` takes a translation table mapping start values to transformed values as an argument.
To create a translation table, `str.makestrans` is used.
`makestrans` takes 2 arguments: the first is the string to be translated, and the second is the string the first argument should be translated to.

For our solution, the first argument is the `AlPHABET` constant + the `AlPHABET` constant in uppercase.
The second argument is the `translator` variable + uppercase `translator` variable.

> `makestrans` does is that it takes the [Unicode][unicode] values of the first argument and maps them to the corresponding Unicode values in the second argument, creating a `dict`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`str.makestrans` takes the [Unicode][unicode] values of the first argument and maps them to the corresponding Unicode values in the second argument, creating a `dict`.
```
